Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cs39001-assignment7-mips-32-assembly-language-programming
<br>



<ol>

 <li><strong>[String Operation in MIPS-32] </strong>Write a complete MIPS-32 program to convert a null-terminated ASCII string stored in memory, possibly containing a mixture of upper-case letters, lower-case letter, numbers and spaces, to lower-case, and store it back to memory. First store the input string in memory by creating space for it using the .space directive (you may assume a maximum length of the string) and collecting the string from the user, or hard-code it in your program using the .asciiz After conversion, store back the converted string starting at an address created by the .space directive (remember: each character in an ASCII-encoded string occupies exactly one byte in memory). You may or may not use MIPS procedure call to solve the problem. After conversion, print the converted string on the console, accompanied by a proper message.</li>

 <li><strong>[Insertion Sort in MIPS-32] </strong>Write a MIPS-32 program to collect an array of eight integers from the user, and then sort the array in ascending order using the <em>Insertion Sort </em> Collect the numbers from the input console using a loop, and store in memory in an array called array. Do not store the numbers as scalars in eight different non-contiguous locations or in eight different registers. Write a function InsertionSort to implement the sorting algorithm. Pass the address of the 1-D array and the required parameters while implementing the function. After sorting, print the sorted array on the console with a proper message.</li>

</ol>

<strong>[Recursive Binary Search in MIPS-32] </strong>Write a MIPS-32 program to collect an array of nine integers from the user, sort the array in ascending order using the <em>Insertion Sort </em>algorithm you have implemented in Problem-2, and then search the array for the presence of a value in the array, using <em>Recursive Binary Search</em>. The value to be searched in the array is also to be entered by the user. If the search is successful, the program will print an appropriate success message, with the array index where the value was found. If the search is unsuccessful, the program will print a failure message. <strong>No credit will be given for an iterative (linear) search implementation. </strong>Your program should have a recursive function BinarySearch to implement the sorting algorithm. After sorting the array containing the numbers, pass the address of the sorted 1-D array and the required parameters to implement the BinarySearch function.